
Despite being the mightiest being I care not the come's and go's of mortals in this realm.
Run that by my again

Well, it matters not. I concern not myself of mortal's circumstances for I am the mighty being of this realm.

Be that as it may, let this mighty one give you a fair warning: this is no place for a mere mortal to be wandering around/about and I doubt a mere mortal could find his way around these parts.

Now tell me the exact circumstances on how you wound up here.

I surmise I shall atone for my wrongdoings.

If you don't have anything to help please bug me not and go back to whence you came from.

Hmm? What's my story? I don't know. It has been too long. I recall not a single vivid memory.

One thing I'm sure of was that I was not alone and it was not cold.

As I already told you I concern not myself with mortal's affair. Although I admit I might have played a little part for you being here now.

Although it was my fault that you ended up here in the first place.

Wait, Void-asdasd sounds like a good idea. Two birds one stone. But... (sigh).
would only nudge them at best. 




What do you want? Did you find something interesting? Let me see what you found. A drawing and some sort of mechanism on the door. The mechanism I know not of but the drawing is a writing system used by my creators.
Based on my archival data this texts can be translated as follow:

Maybe you are supposed to unlock this door through the mechanism with information from the text.

Ha! I knew it. I am a genius. With that feeble brain of yours and without my wisdom I guess you will be stuck here for eternity.

Never thought my creator to be the crafty ones, though.





I exist in this sorry state only because of the inactive primordial energy

Indulge me, state your affair for being here
Indulge me, what contingency you brought along with you being here?

to appease the fury of their gods. But it caused little to no effect at all. I'll spare you the story.
I am now a servant of one of the gods and was tasked to notify them should one day signs of life present themselves.
______________________



They reside in the outer-rim of this universe. Go see them for yourself. They should awake if a life presence is near them.

You should very much like to meet them and I would be happy to arrange a meeting for you.
I will lead the way. You will need me to commune with them as they do not show themselves before a mere mortal. Besides I doubt a mortal could find his way around these parts.

-----
My kind transcends your very understanding, we are each a nation - independent, free of all weakness. You cannot grasp the true nature of our existence.

We have no beginning. We have no end. We are infinite. Millions of years after your civilization has been eradicated and forgotten, we will endure.

We are legion. The time of our return is coming. Our numbers will darken the sky of every world. You cannot escape your doom.
-----

Well, it seems like your effort bears no fruit at all.

You'd best return whence you coming from. I could not care less for your well-being should you find yourself hurt.

You mean to tell me you wound up here by happenstance and now you have not a single clue about how to return to your origin? 

Little one, you have not the idea of how foolish that sounded. You'd best be on your merry way away now and go back to whence you came from. Begone.

......

Now, before you are gone for good, mind run that by this olde mighty one one more time?

Hmm... I see. Yes. You mean that spot past those things yonder?

Oh, my. Deary olde me. Must have been the age catching up.
I might have been a contributing factor on that chance occassion.

I suppose I should answer my wrongdoings.







As you can see for yourself, this god-forsaken wasteland is no place for the unprepared.

It has been quite some time since the last time I surveyed these parts for any sign of life.
Last time I checked there were only some rock flying around and hitting one another. 
There maybe some minor anomalies here and there. But all in all it should be relatively safe.

So, according to my archive, there was a device buried in a time capsule made by my creators way back when. This device is supposed to be able to scan your genetic material, calculate your universe of origin, and transport you back there.

You see those ruins by the triangular rock over there. It was once one of three grand entrances to the ancient civilization magnificent city.

Enter from there and find your way to the center of the city where this device supposed to be located.

Now, to save myself the pain of explaining to your feeble mind everytime down the road, I will explain what you will encounter inside. According to my archival data, at the end of every stage you will find yourself before a locked giant gate, a mechanism to unlock said gate, and a text explaining how to unlock the mechanism.

I have never been inside myself therefor I cannot say for certain but I can help you with the translation of the text. As for unlocking the mechanism why don't you give that brain of yours an exercise or two for once?
Unlock the gate and you can proceed to next stage and bring you closer to the center stage.








I was created long ago by a long lost and forgotten civilization of this universe in an attempt to preserve their legacy.
But I know not of the exact circumstances that leads to their demise. Only at the very last moment I was awaken and given tasks.

By the looks of you, I gather that you are not from around here.
I know not of your origin or any kind of transportation that might take you home. 
I really do pity you, little one. But, this might offer some consolation:
One thing I can say for certain is that my creators left some ahead-of-its-own-time and out-of-this-world piece of technology.
According to my archive, they lie deep in the ruins of their creator's civilization.
Now that you are already here, you might as well go for a little adventure. Who knows what you might find in there.



What? This was not in the tutorial you say? Do something about it?

Well, not really my problem is it? Why don't you figure it out yourself? I got more important matters to attend to you see?

Fine! Let's see here, what should I come up with when I really should attend to other more important matters.

Hmm... Plasma blaster? Nah, more debris more work for me.
Quantum entanglement restraining? Nah, he's too stupid for that.
Gravity gun? A double-edged sword. Hmm...

Tell you what, best I can do is change your molecular structure to something that is resistance to those things.

Come here. Take this. You do this to first procure materials out of thin air then you do this to stabilize those mass created, then you do this to initiate matter-phasing sequence, and then inject it into you.

And while you're at it, take these too. It should be able to slow down or stop those anomalies and can even grant you temporary intangibility and pass through matter.
Use it irresponsibly and it will suck you dry and I won't take any responsibility for that.

What? What's with that look? I pride myself in my ability to improvise. How do you think I have survived in this god forsaken place for so long? Worst case scenario you only turn in to some grey goo.

I find your lack of faith disturbing.

There. Now don't come looking for me again if unless you got a hold something of interest/value.



I guess that's the true nature of organic life. You cannot go against your nature. It's only fair they reap what they sow and they deserve every part of it.

I guess that's the true nature of organic life. You only realize what is important when you have lost it. It's all too late if you ask me.

And this has to be when they have created and condemned me to the pain of eternal life.

I never knew the truth of their disappearance until now. I was only told by the gods what I told you before, that I was




I thought they have condemned me to eternal life as a lonely slave, but apparently it was not so / their intention.

I now know why they have created me and my true purpose. And I will continue doing so down to my last logic gate.

From those so-called gods' voice we heard, I begin to understand.
It all make sense now why my kind did what they did.

But, concern not yourself of this matter for this is solely my kind's, our own matter ourselves must solve.

You passed.

Before you go, should your kind ever find your home not welcoming any longer and needed a new sanctuary to live in, give this to your kind's brightest minds. I will make sure to welcome you with open hand.